Group NAH2 Minutes of Meeting:

GAVIN BAILEY
TYRONE LEE BRAMWELL
CHAK YAN LAM
THOMAS LETHEBY
MATHEW JAMES LLOYD
JAKE DARYL PLUMLEY
CHUN KIT SO
------------------------------------
Date: 11 Feb 2014
Start time: 14:00
End time: 14:35

Date and Time of next meeting: 14 Feb 2014, 10:00


Topics discussed:
-- The progress of creating methods for each class assigned to each team member.
—- Issues with downloading GIT. A few team members had a issues with registering to the repository so these were discussed and resolved.

Progress since last meeting:
-- Majority of the implementation of classes has began, with good progress being made. We discussed some issues that team members had e.g slight confusion of the rules and logic behind othello. However no major issues were raised and everyone was happy to continue the implementation for the next meeting. 
—- Mathew has created a repository in GitHub for each member to upload each of their classes and all team members have installed and connected to the repository.   

TODO (for next meeting):
--Continue with implementation of classes aiming for the classes to be close to completion by next week.
--Each team member must add their source code files to the repository, for others to have access to begin integration.
—-For each team member to download Doxygen in preparation for documentation of the classes in a later date.